---
navHidden: true
---
# Privacy Policy

At Elite Manor Real Estate Developer, accessible from https://eltmnr.com/, we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy outlines how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website.

## 1. Information We Collect

We may collect personal information that you provide to us when you:

- Fill out forms on our website
- Subscribe to our newsletter
- Interact with our services

The personal information we collect may include your name, email address, phone number, and other relevant details.

## 2. Use of Your Information

We use the information we collect in the following ways:

- To provide, operate, and maintain our website
- To improve, personalize, and expand our website
- To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website
- To process your transactions and send you confirmation
- To find and prevent fraud

## 3. Disclosure of Your Information

We may share your information in the following situations:
With service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our website

- To comply with legal obligations
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Elite Manor Real Estate Developer
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the website
- To protect the personal safety of users of the website or the public

## 4. Security of Your Information

We value your trust in providing us your personal information and strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## 5. Third-Party Websites

Our website may contain links to third-party websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.

## 6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.

## 7. Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

- **Email:** info@eltmnr.com
- **Phone:** [+66 (0) 9 9161 4562](tel:+66991614562)
